Add github and gitlab templates (#32)
inmanta/inmanta-module-template: {{cookiecutter.module_name|slugify}}/.gitlab/merge_request_templates/default.md

# Description

* Short description here, including what changes have been made. If relevant, copy todo list from the ticket here *

Closes *Add ticket reference here*

# Reviewers list 

- [ ] reviewer 1
- [ ] @bart or @wouter

# Self Check:

Strike through any lines that are not applicable (`~~line~~`) then check the box

> - [ ] Issue is referenced by this merge request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

this is already part of the template above

> - [ ] Changelog entry
> - [ ] Dev version bump has been made (if applicable) using `inmanta module release` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] [Changelog entry and version bump](https://internal.inmanta.com/development/core/tasks/commiting-changes-modules.html) `inmanta module release --dev [--major|--minor|--patch] [--changelog-message "<your_changelog_message>"]`

```

- [ ] Code is clear and sufficiently documented (classes, methods and function docs, document important assumptions, link to reference materials)
- [ ] Sufficient test cases (reproduces the bug/tests the requested feature)
- [ ] Correct, in line with design
- [ ] Type annotations
- [ ] Issue is in the review column
- [ ] MR is assigned to first reviewer

> # Useful references

Reviewer: I think this section is too much, we have to keep this minimal

> - [Committing changes to Modules](https://internal.inmanta.com/development/core/tasks/commiting-changes-modules.html#committing-changes-to-modules)

Reviewer: I would make this link part of the checkbox items is is part of
